In this lesson, we will learn to
very important security concepts; authentication and authorization.
We are going to primarily focus on two parts regarding authentication authorization,
the fundamentals of authentication and authorization and how
to implement JWT authentication on springboard APIs.
Let's start with the first question.
Why bother?
Why do we bother about authentication authorization?
The first important thing about authentication authorization is a data breaches.
They are on the rise.
The data stolen will triple in 5-years.
Three million people have had their data compromise from 2017 to 2018,
that's a very big number.
Data breaches are not only expensive but the numbers could be as high
as $7.9 million just alone in the United States of America.
Worldwide, that number is $3.8
million and it is becoming harder to track and locate data breaches.
For example in 2018,
the average amount of time taken to identify a breach was 196 days.
That's really long time taken to find that there was a data breach.
The annual global data breaches is about $2.1 trillion.
By 2019 that's the number that it's supposed to breach.
The average cost data breach by 2020 will exceed over $150 million.
Now these are some really big numbers.